------------------------------
   README FOR POWER DECODER
------------------------------
Contains notes on installation and running the power decoder.
The power decoder is an application that translates network protocols 
DNP3 and Modbus into readable formats.
This applicaiton runs locally through your 
browser (IE 8 and above, Firefox 20 and above, and Chrome 26 and above).

Installing and running the application:

In order to run this application, the user must have the following programs and libraries installed on their computer.
	1.) Python 3.3
	2.) Pip 1.4.1
	3.) Django 1.5
	4.) bitstring 3.1.2
	
Only two of these must be previously installed on your computer: Python 3.3 and Pip 1.4.1. 
Once both of these are installed on your computer, you can run a python script which will install Django 1.5 and bitstring 3.1.2.
This script will be included in your application package.
This script is called "PIPcheck.py" and requires two other items, "PIPcheck.bat" and "requirements.txt" in order to successfully run.
Once this script is executed, it should create a command prompt that will show one of three things: 
	1. You have already installed these items.
	2. You have successfully installed these items.
	3. You need to install PIP in order to run this application.

Running and using the application:	

Once you finish running this script you can launch Power Decoder through your local browser. This does not require any internet connection.
In order to launch Power Decoder, you must double click on a .bat file, this file is known as "RunSite.bat".  
When this script is launched, it will create two command prompts, one will disappear while the other will remain.  In order for the website
to work, do not close these command prompts until you are finished using the website.  Also, sometimes the setup of this application may be slower,
and the page that loads in your local browser will appear to not load properly.  If this does happen, simply refresh or wait a few moments and then refresh.
This will give Django enough time to setup its local servers to operate the webpage correctly.  

If you launch the webpage, and you can access it, then you have successfully installed Power Decoder.  

When you begin to access the webpage, you currently default to the DNP3 page, with a sidebar that links to the contact, about, and DNP3 page itself.
Currently, the Modbus page has been removed until functionality has been fully tested. 

DNP3 page
You can translate multiple messages at once.  
You can translate your messages either by uploading a log file from your capture, or by performing a copy/paste from a text document.  
You can upload the log file using the browse button and then selecting the appropiate log.  In order to translate a message from other sources, simply copy
and paste the information into the textbox.  
You will also see a checkbox, "printable view". This checkbox will change the output of your message into either an 'expandable tree' view or a 'plain text' view.
Once you've made your selection, click on the button "decode messages" to begin performing the translation.  You will be redirected to a results page
with the set of messages in either an expandable tree view (if you didn't select printable view) or a plain text view (if you selected printable view).
NOTE: currently if you copy and paste information into the textbox as well as choose a file to upload, the translator
will default to translating the text that was copied and pasted into the textbox.

DNP3 results page
The page will appear with no results if the translation was unsuccessful.
The page will appear with the results in either an 'expandable tree' view or a 'plain text' view.  
--The expandable tree view:
		Holds the main message, with each portion of the message being expanded in sub sections under the main message.
		Simply click the plus to expand the section or the minus to contract the message.
The page will have a hyperlink to the DNP3 page when you want to begin the tranlsation process again.  

Contact page
Simply a list of the developers who work on the project. Their emails and role on the project are noted for convienence.  

About page
A discription of the project and its purpose for Power Engineers.
